README.md, before:

# 🟡 PAC-MAN Java Edition

A version of the classic **PAC-MAN** game implemented using **Java**.

![GitHub Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/shreyashgaurav/Packman)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/shreyashgaurav/Packman)

---

## 🎮 Watch the Gameplay

![Gameplay Demo](https://github.com/shreyashgaurav/Packman/blob/master/Demo11-ezgif.com-optimize.gif)



---

## Features

- Classic tile-based PAC-MAN gameplay
- Multiple ghost types with basic movement
- Score system and cherry pickups
- Life tracking and reset on game over
- Full keyboard controls with responsive movement
- Auto map reload on food completion

---

## Technologies Used

- Java
- Java Swing (for GUI)
- `javax.swing.Timer` for game loop

---

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Java JDK (11 or higher recommended)
- Any Java-compatible IDE (IntelliJ, Eclipse, VSCode, etc.)

### Project Structure
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a05d6496-d64e-4db3-ae15-cf46a3ace548)

Commit message:

Added architecture of the project

README.md, after:

# 🟡 PAC-MAN Java Edition

A version of the classic **PAC-MAN** game implemented using **Java**.

![GitHub Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/shreyashgaurav/Packman)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/shreyashgaurav/Packman)

---

## 🎮 Watch the Gameplay

![Gameplay Demo](https://github.com/shreyashgaurav/Packman/blob/master/Demo11-ezgif.com-optimize.gif)



---

## Features

- Classic tile-based PAC-MAN gameplay
- Multiple ghost types with basic movement
- Score system and cherry pickups
- Life tracking and reset on game over
- Full keyboard controls with responsive movement
- Auto map reload on food completion

---

## Technologies Used

- Java
- Java Swing (for GUI)
- `javax.swing.Timer` for game loop

---
## Architecture
<img width="512" height="520" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ef26f48-b217-4bbe-bfde-7bef29a87eef" />


## Want to Run on your System? Follow these steps:

### Prerequisites

- Java JDK (11 or higher recommended)
- Any Java-compatible IDE (IntelliJ, Eclipse, VSCode, etc.)

### Project Structure
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a05d6496-d64e-4db3-ae15-cf46a3ace548)

-Run App.java
